- Reading in the book [[Embedded Systems Architecture]], today about [[distributed systems]] and [[IoT]] architecture.
	- The IP stack referred to [[TCP/IP]] is a family of [[protocols]] providing a standard for communication between systems.
	- There are several available [[TC/IP]] stacks for use in [[embedded systems]]:
		- [[lwIP]]
		- [[uIP]]
		- [[picoTCP]]
	- Created a repository to use for code specific to the book [reading-embedded-systems-architecture](https://github.com/HenrikSamuelsson/reading-embedded-systems-architecture) #GitHub
- Worked on setting up [[VS Code]] for [[STM32]] development.
	- Created a new [[VS Code profile]] dedicated to [[STM32]] development, called it STM32.
	- Installed a [[VS Code extension]] called [[STM32Cube for Visual Studio Code]].
	- Installed the toolset [[STM32CubeCLT]], being required for [[STM32]] development. It includes
	  * [[GNU C/C++ for ARM toolchain]]
	  * [[GDB]] debugger
	  * [[STM32CubeProgrammer]]
	  Tried to use the extension and the tools but did not succeed with anything. This way seems like a dead end.
- Went to [[ARM]]'s own site to get a tool chain.
	- Being on a Windows 64-bit machine and want to compile for ARM without support for a specific operating system and with the embedded [[ABI]] means that I choose the [[toolchain]] :
	  [arm-gnu-toolchain-14.2.rel1-mingw-w64-x86_64-arm-none-eabi.exe](https://developer.arm.com/-/media/Files/downloads/gnu/14.2.rel1/binrel/arm-gnu-toolchain-14.2.rel1-mingw-w64-x86_64-arm-none-eabi.exe)
	- Ran the installer, and choose to update my [[path]]. The [[toolchain]] ended up at:
	  `C:\Program Files (x86)\Arm GNU Toolchain arm-none-eabi\14.2 rel1\bin`
	- Double checked my [[path]] and could see the toolchain added first. Later on in the path entries there was a duplicate to an older version of the toolchain, I removed this manually.
	- Tested the setup in a terminal:
	  ```console
	  C:\>arm-none-eabi-gcc --version
	  arm-none-eabi-gcc (GNU Tools for STM32 13.3.rel1.20240926-1715) 13.3.1 20240614
	  Copyright (C) 2023 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
	  This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
	  ```
	  Not what I wanted.
	- Saw the STM32 version among the [[system variables]] and think these will override the [[user variables]] in [[Windows]]. Moved the [[path]] to the 14.2 version to the top of the system variables. Tested again:
	  ```console
	  C:\Users\Henrik>arm-none-eabi-gcc --version
	  arm-none-eabi-gcc (Arm GNU Toolchain 14.2.Rel1 (Build arm-14.52)) 14.2.1 20241119
	  Copyright (C) 2024 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
	  This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
	  warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
	  ```
	  So from now on the ARM version 14.2 will be invoked by default.