- Reading in the book [[Engineering Manager's Handbook]].
 - ## Common Failure Modes for New Engineering Managers
  - The book borrows the term [[failure mode]] from software, referring to a possible but undesired state where management has gone wrong.
  - Six different failure mode scenarios are identified:
    - ### Scenario 1 — You Don’t Know What Is Really Going On
      - There is much to do as a manager, and this can lead to detachment from the team.
      - Events such as one or more team members quitting can come as a surprise.
      - Making time to meet and build relationships with team members can help prevent this failure mode.
      - Try to be a good listener and create a safe space that encourages people to share their concerns.
      - Ask general, blameless open-ended questions like:
        - How do you like working with the rest of the team?
        - How is it going on your project with X person?
        - How are you feeling about your current project?
        - You look like you have something on your mind. Care to share it with me? *(If applicable)*
        - I noticed you’ve been quieter than usual lately. Is anything troubling you? *(If applicable)*
        - Is there anything that is blocking you from making progress on your task?
        - If you had more time or fewer constraints, what would you love to build or improve?
        - Are there areas where you'd like to grow or try something new?
        - Is there anything you’d like me to pass along to leadership?
        - Are our processes helping or hindering your work?
        - Is there anything I could be doing differently to support you better?
    - ### Scenario 2 — You Enable a Narcissistic Engineering Culture
      - TODO
    - ### Scenario 3 — You Overshare Information With Your Team
      - TODO
    - ### Scenario 4 — You Avoid Making Decisions
      - TODO
    - ### Scenario 5 — You Expect Everyone to Be the Same
      - TODO
    - ### Scenario 6 — You Try to Do Everyone’s Job
      - TODO
