- Reading about the binary format conversion in the book [[Embedded Systems Architecture]].
	- There is a tool in the [[arm-none-eabi]] toolchain called [[objcopy]], that takes on [[object file]] e.g [[.elf]], [[.o]] and creates another version of this file in a different format.
	- Convert [[.elf]] to [[.bin]] (plain binary):
	  ```console
	  $ arm-non-eabi-objcopy -I elf -O binary image.elf image.bin
	  ```
	- This will strip away header data from the [[.elf]] that is not needed to run on the target.
	- Related to [[objcopy]] there is another tool called [[objdump]], that displays human readable details about the [[image]] .
	- [[Disassemble]] machine code using [[objdump]]
	  ```console
	  arm-none-eabi-objdump -d -image.elf
	  ```
- Reading about interacting with the [[target]] in the book [[Embedded Systems Architecture]].
	- For [[embedded systems]] development, we interact with the [[target]] via a [[JTAG]] or [[SWD]] interface. These communication channels allow software to be uploaded to the [[target]]’s [[flash]] memory and provide access to [[debugging]] functionality.
	- In practice, this interaction is mediated by a hardware adapter placed between the [[host]] and the [[target]]. The host is typically a PC, with the adapter connecting to it via [[USB]]. The adapter's other end uses a specialized cable and connector that plugs into a dedicated header on the [[PCB]] where the target [[microcontroller]] is mounted.
	- One tool to access [[JTAG]]/[[SWD]] functionalities is the Open On-Chip Debugger ([[OpenOCD]]). The debugging is done with [[GDB]].
- Afternoon session reading again in [[Embedded Systems Architecture]]. Now on a section called [[validation]], which refers to the process of ensuring that the system meets its [[requirements]] and behaves correctly in the real-world environment it's meant to operate in. Some different validation strategies were discussed:
	- [[Functional tests]] which the author means is achieved by  working with  [[test-driven development]] (TDD). It is in this context assumed that the code executes on the target and the test results are communicated out via [[UART]].
	- [[Hardware tools]] are often used for validation, a [[logic analyser]] is an example of such tools, which can be used to diagnose the electrical behaviour of signals in the system and verify that protocols are correctly implemented. Another tool mentioned is the [[oscilloscope]].
	- [[Testing off-target]] can be an option, especially for code that do not have any dependencies to the actual target hardware.
	- [[Emulation]] is another option to be used for test. When emulating there is no need to run on actual hardware, the whole platform is instead emulated on the host PC. [[QEMU]] and [[Renode]] are example's of frameworks used for emulation that can possibly simplify validation.