- Reading in the book [[Embedded Systems Architecture]].
	- ## [[Clock Distribution]]
		- The bus clocks will by default not be distributed to internal peripherals in a microcontroller. In ARM based microcontrollers we toggle bits in the [[RCC]] to enable the clock for peripherals. The reason to keep the clock off is to [[save power]].
	- ## [[System Tick]]
		- System tick also known as SysTick is the main timer on the system. The SysTick will be sourced from the [[CPU]] frequency, by having a counter count down based on the system clock. When the count down reaches zero there will be an [[interrupt]] that will update the SysTick.
		- Example: We want a SysTick every **1 millisecond** and your system clock is **48 MHz** we will then set our counter to 48 000 000 / 1000 - 1 = 47 999. The minus one is needed because the interrupt will occur when the counter counts down to 0.
		- After having setup the SysTick we can do things like:
			- [[Scheduling]] and delay functions.
			- [[RTOS tick generation]].
			- Measure elapsed time.
- Working on the course [[nRF Connect SDK Fundamentals]].
	- Doing an exercise to test the setup and run Blinky got stuck on opening the wrong sample, there where two to choose from:
		- `nrf/samples/zephyr/basic/blinky`
		- `zephyr/samples/basic/blinky`
	- Only the second option worked as described in the course, with the copying of the project so I can edit the source without touching the original sample. Not sure if have anything to do with the samples or just a bug in the [[nRF Connect for VS Code Extension Pack]].
	- Flashed the original Blinky sample successfully, after that I edited to code to have the LED blink faster. Built my new code and tested it on my [[nrf52840dk]] board, the change worked fine.